Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
My lord...
Stop. woman!
Where is your path?
To Kizl Elma!
How happy are the mothers of those
who sharpen their swords on that path!
To their sons and daughters
they breastfed at dawn...
blood with the milk they
breastfed. glory with lullabies...
To the Turkish woman who raised children by
giving them faith with the love of Allah.
Threes. sevens. forties...
to the time and
era of true men...
for the love of Hak Teala.
who honored us with faith.
Thank you.
In which direction
is Kizil Elma?
Please tell.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you be peace.
Kayil's woman. the
true mother of Turks.
Please tell.
Noble woman who awaits
her husband's return...
We wanted to hear about
Kayi's situation from you as well.
But we asked you to tell us what a
mother's eyes see. what she hears...
what she sees. what she hears.
what we don't see. what we don't hear.
Ertugrul and Osman Bey took
many towns from the infidels...
and established a new homeland.
But will this homeland
turn into a powerful state...
if Osman Bey meets his Lord?
You are worried that Osman
Bey's life might not be long enough.
I understand.
Wouldn't you. Malhun Hatun?
Who is your concern for?
It's for Orhan.
We heard that you
are backing Orhan.
Don't you know that changing the course
of a river causes all sorts of disasters?
Don't you know?
Why Orhan? Do you show weakness
because he is your own child?
There is no distinction between my
children. whether they are my own or not.
We have been kneaded with the same
yeast and become one for forty years.
Osman Bey has
given Alaeddin a duty.
Orhan will not accept it.
Alaeddin does
not know tradition.
You are devoid of bravery.
that's why you favor Orhan.
So much so that you succumb to maternal
weaknesses and cannot see the truth.
Do you think I am blind?
On the contrary. I
think like Osman Bey.
The pelt belongs to
whoever deserves it.
However. whoever takes Bursa will not be content
with the pelt. he will ascend to the throne.
He will not be content with a
beylik. he will become a sultan.
And that candidate. until
proven otherwise. in my eyes...
is Orhan Bey.
Orhan!
Where is he?
Father!
Where is Alaeddin?
Rast went to call
him. what happened?
My Osman!
To see you like this. I wish I had
died in the dungeons of Bursa. right?
My father!
Father!
What's wrong with my father?
Your father will be
fine. my daughter.
Brother!
What if something
happens to my father?
He will be fine.
He is Osman Bey.
Osman?
Osman!
We are here. my father.
My Bey!
Don't worry. we are all here.
Thanks be to Allah.
In your absence.
everyone knows their duty.
Osman!
Osman. what
kind of talk is that?
Osman!
Only Allah knows what
will happen. woman.
Your duty is to protect the
unity and order of the oba.
My Bey!
Father!
Osman!
My Bey!
My Bey. open your
eyes. open them. my Bey!
Father!
Where is that?
Unity in the oba means order.
it means my father. mother.
He goes to fulfill his duty.
I will get the cure from
the one who gave the pain.
Brother. what will happen here?
The infidel's poison is
circulating throughout his body.
Poison? What poison?
This word "poison” will
not leave this tent. Alaaddin.
We will not let them say that they couldn't protect our
Osman Bey in his own tent and thus embolden the enemy.
We will not encourage.
My father is entrusted to you.
Where are you going?
Either you will find
that cure or I will bring it.
Until it's found. sleep is
forbidden for both you and me.
He's entrusted to you.
Thanks.
Bring me that physician. Kara.
The candle has just gone out.
He left a short while ago.
He's escaping.
It's obvious.
Halime Hatun. the physician just left from
behind the tribe with his bag and horse.
He realized he would be
caught. of course. the scoundrel.
Inform my brother.
Esma. prepare the
horses immediately.
Come on.
Is there permission. my Bey?
Come. Ali. come.
My Bey. the
physician has escaped.
It's not that easy.
You stay here. Kara Halil.
Leaving the tribe
empty is not an option.
Come on.
Is there permission. my Bey?
Come. my son. come.
Osman Bey. father. Alaaddin Bey
doesn't want it to be heard in the tribe.
but the situation is bad.
Osman Bey.
Now is not the time for
mourning. but for prudence.
My Osman Bey. Fatma Hatun was
supposed to bring ammunition from Inegol.
For the encampment.
You will meet her.
You will show yourself well.
Here. my honorable father.
Alright then.
My son. my brave
one. look. did you see?
There is good in
every evil. my child.
This duty is an opportunity
for you to win Fatma's heart.
The poor girl is very fond
of her father. you know.
Go be with her. comfort her.
She is not like Halime.
Don't leave her alone.
Right. my son?
Don't worry. mother.
Alright.
Come on then.
This is not a decanter.
It clearly has visitors.
What are you doing here?
Didn't I tell you not to come unless
you had to. unless the poison ran out?
Osman Bey's
condition is very bad.
I fear he will die.
You couldn't manage one task.
Return to the tribe immediately.
If Osman dies. you will die too.
I can't return.
They will suspect me then.
But...
I have important news.
A caravan will come
to the tribe from Inegol.
It's full of ammunition.
And Osman Bey's daughter.
Fatma. is leading the caravan.
My sister!
I also sent word to Guvercin.
Thanks to me.
everyone will know.
Then we don't need you anymore.
Kill him.
Halime!
Tell me.
They told me to
poison Osman Bey.
To make him very ill.
But not to kill him.
They said he should remain sick.
Him.
Not his death...
his illness is what
we need. they said.
I didn't know it would
turn out like this.
Gunyesi couldn't take it.
My lord. please don't kill me.
Who told you to
poison my father?
How did you poison him?
It's all here.
Allow me.
The physician's
dagger was poisoned.
Well done. physician.
He applied poison to his
foot instead of ointment.
The infidel has
entered the tent.
Orhan Bey is right.
We shouldn't even tell the
beys about this poison matter.
They put us in a
difficult situation.
My lord appointed you
as regent just in time.
I explained. my lord.
I did not allow the oba
to be left without a leader.
Before the infidels take advantage
of my Osman Bey's illness...
it is time to attack
the enemy quickly.
Let them see that if my
Osman Bey is not here...
my Alahattin Bey is.
What's the rush. Sahinsah Bey?
My Osman Bey is
alive. thank goodness.
It is all of our wish for him to
live even longer. Malhun Hatun.
It is for him to be at our
head for many more years.
My Osman Bey's wish is...
my Alaattin Bey's regency.
Both in his life
and in his death.
He made him regent in his life.
He won't be regent in his
death. it will be a transfer.
Thank God. that
time has not come yet.
Mother...
we haven't even come to the
time to say these words yet. mother.
You should tell
this not to me...
but to the one who
brought this up. Alaattin.
Just think about what has
happened in recent days.
Is someone's ambition
to put you on the throne...
or to follow your
brother's lead?
Malhun Hatun...
you should show your love for
your son by supporting Alaattin.
Not by putting
doubts in his mind.
Do your ears hear what comes
out of your mouth. Sahinsah Bey?
I would not forgive anyone who
dares to question my love for my child...
even if he were my Bey's
brother. not just his companion.
Mother...
enough. mother.
Enough.
Sahinsah Bey. you must
inform the beys immediately.
A council will be
convened at once.
There is no time to spend
on a council. Alaattin Bey.
And there is no need.
the seal is with you.
Your word is a command.
You speak truly. Sahingsah
Bey. you speak truly.
The command is mine.
My command is
a council. at once.
The right thing to do
is to wait for Orhan Bey.
Mother...
the state no longer has
time to wait for Orhan.
Mother...
They are going to raid my
sister's incoming caravan. brother.
We know. we will
take our precautions.
Don't say anything to my mother.
No. there is nothing here
about the antidote for the poison.
My father's cure is within
the reach of this pigeon.
Those who raided
Fatma's caravan...
will lead us to those who
did this evil to my father.
Only this way can we
find my father's cure.
The game they
are playing is big.
They want to create
division in the oba.
There is no division
in Kay| Oba. brother.
My naive brother.
Wherever there are
humans. there is duality.
Especially if there's
power involved...
and power is won not by those
who fight. but by those who deserve it.
Go to my sister.
tell them to prepare.
Let's return to the tent.
I will tell Alaaddin everything.
Either I will break
this dirty game...
or this game will
break our unity.
Come on. walk.
Malhun Hatun. my Bey's
condition is not good at all.
What? Father. father!
My brother!
I'm fine.
Boran Bey. get well soon.
I hope you are well.
Alhamdulillah. my brother.
My brother.
Get well soon. Boran Bey.
Thank you. thank you.
Get well soon.
Let me check again.
You're fine.
You have wounds.
But what can they do to you?
Get well soon.
My lion brother.
Do your spears wound mountains?
You have ruined Flavius's game.
We will do more to him.
May your holy war
be blessed. sirs.
Hopefully. we will wage
war again soon. Boran Bey.
Hopefully. hopefully.
Still. your heart seems broken.
Your troubles show on
your face. Boran Bey.
Tell me. Boran Bey.
Do these drums play
for good or for evil?
O people!
Osman Bey's brave son...
His deputy Alaaddin Bey...
Will hold a council
in the evening.
Don't say you didn't hear.
O people!
Osman Bey's brave son...
His deputy Alaaddin Bey...
Will hold a council
in the evening.
What council?
Let no one remain unheard.
Brother. sirs...
My Osman Bey is very ill.
If it weren't for
his delirium...
In the land he lives in.
That burden is my bey father's.
Oh Allah. spare my
father for us. oh Lord.
Father. father!
Stop. stop.
Osman Bey's brave son...
Deputy Alaaddin Bey...
Will gather the
council in the evening.
Alaaddin Bey will
gather the council.
This is his voice.
My Sahin Sah and the
beys who trust him...
Will support Alaaddin.
If he stands firm...
Then the beylik is
entrusted to Alaaddin.
But the real task
falls to you now.
Not only the beys'...
But also the family's support
must be with Alaaddin.
My mother's stance
has long been clear.
She wants it to be Orhan.
Fatma. you know. doesn't
go against my mother's word.
Neither does Halime.
Fatma marrying Yigit is
important for this reason.
You need to help us.
And you'll find a
solution for Halime too.
You will be the future
mother of the state.
That fire is in your
eyes. my daughter.
Welcome. Commander Flavius.
Welcome to the alliance...
Flavius.
Thank you for your
kind invitation...
My mother. we are here.
All the banners
gathered in one oba.
I wouldn't want to be
in the enemy's shoes.
He who sows the wind...
Shall reap the whirlwind.
This will be the main headquarters
for our attack against Kay..
I wanted you to see the
men you'll be fighting with.
I will talk to
Alaeddin and set off.
They think I'm a child.
May your path be clear. my Bey.
My prayers are with you.
May Allah help you.
Come on.
Did something happen
to my father. Halil?
Osman Bey is the same. my Bey.
But the plain is
not as you left it.
Alaeddin Bey gathered the beys.
A council was established
in the tent. my Bey.
What council. Halil?
A war council. my Bey.
Alaeddin.
The enemy's attack on my Orhan
Bey after the defeat in Bursa...
It's only a matter of time before they
take advantage of Osman Bey's illness.
Therefore. the immediate conquest
of Bursa is a more important matter...
Let your ears hear what comes
out of your mouth. Sahin Sah Bey.
While my father
lies ill inside...
is there a more important
matter for this tribe than this?
Instead of finding a cure for my father. you
gather for a feast and shout conquest slogans.
Is that befitting of you?
Everything necessary is being done
for Osman Bey's health. Orhan Bey.
You will do that by staying
by his side. Alaeddin Bey.
Not by holding a
feast beyond that.
Both my father and the
state are entrusted to me.
Rest assured.
Osman Bey's health is certainly
very important for all of us.
However. the survival of
our tribe is just as important.
And that depends on the conquest
of Bursa as soon as possible.
My Bey speaks the truth.
We have waited too long.
You're fixated on
attacking Bursa.
Don't you see? Now is not
the time for war with weapons...
It is time to take precautions against
the alliance of reason and the enemy.
Do your ears hear what comes
out of your mouth. Orhan Bey?
You'll say. if you have a tongue.
let's make peace with the infidels.
Consider it said. Sahin Sah Bey.
The Karamanids will
come from this side...
Germiyan from the south.
Karesi from the west...
You are from the north.
The Kayis. surrounded on all four
sides. will be trapped in a molehill...
and will accept the
fate I have appointed.
The fate that will
bring their end.
Does a hopeful chicken ever
get slaughtered. Tulay Goz?
I will never give
up tax revenue.
I will leave a bey I trust in charge
of the Kayis and return to Sivas.
If your goal isn't
to destroy them...
what do you expect from me?
When the time comes. you will
attack their headquarters so fiercely...
you will break their arms
and wings so badly...
that they will never. ever
dare to disobey my word again.
They won't even dare.
Consciousness!
It is to put a stone on Kayl's
blessed path of conquest.
Bursa. on one side. and the llkhanate. on
the other. will corner us and declare war.
Is it fitting for Kayi to make
peace and submit. Orhan Bey?
Will you fight all of them at once on
every front and cause the nation to perish?
Half of the army is in Bursa. Who will be
able to reach everywhere in an all-out war?
Once Bursa is taken. that army will
reach everywhere. by God's grace.
Byzantium. the llkhanate. all
the beyliks have united for Bursa.
If the way to break that unity is
through peace. then peace is the solution.
To let someone else have Bursa.
which you couldn't take yourself...
it must be hard. Orhan Bey.
However. the only way to
break the unity of the infidels...
Is to take Bursa through war.
Waiting makes us look weak.
It whets the enemy's appetite.
Our Orhan Bey has already
whetted their appetite enough.
Hold on a moment. Avci Bey. It's as if
Sahin Sah Bey speaks incomplete words...
and you rush to
complete them every time.
Just hold on.
I will defend the commander who
will lead us to conquest. Boran Bey.
What about you? You defend the
commander who leads you to death.
I went to these infidels myself.
My Orhan Bey risked
his life to save me.
He pulled me out. You
should first give him his due.
Are their deeds in
Gemlik not enough?
Enough.
You are still arguing
about Orhan Bey. beys.
Then end the
discussion. Alaeddin Bey.
The command is yours.
and the decree is yours.
Speak. Alaeddin.
Let everyone hear.
Do you represent my Osman
Bey with sound judgment?
Or by condoning Sahin
$Sah Bey's mistake?
What?
Osman's condition has worsened.
Foolish man. He
will ruin all my plans.
Fool!
Tomorrow. a caravan will
depart from lnegol to Kay| Tribe.
You will intercept that caravan
and bring all the ammunition here.
It is your command.
Governor Demirtas.
Keep your preparations tight.
Osman's daughter. Fatma. will
be at the head of the caravan.
As you command. sir.
If it's suitable for you.
I'd like to take on this task.
Reason?
Osman is a personal matter.
Let's say.
Alright.
But sir.
Let's see your skill.
Only...
Don't you ever underestimate
the Turkmen girls. Flavius.
Each one is as fierce
as a predatory tiger.
Be careful.
Don't worry at all.
I will personally deal
with Osman's daughter.
You will stay at the
head of the tribe.
I will go to Bursa and
meet with $Sahin Sah.
As you command. sir.
When Bursa falls. all trade in
the region will fall into our hands.
And then no one will
dare to stand against us.
You underestimate the evil
alliance formed for Bursa. Aladdin.
You tie the survival
of Kayi to an attack.
Defeat is far from
us. Orhan Bey.
You no longer command the army.
You cannot stop
the Alps of Kay:.
The conquest is
closer than ever.
Bursa will be razed to the ground if
necessary under the command of Sahin Sah Bey.
You will seek
your doom in error.
I have neither my
permission nor my approval.
Brother...
Osman Bey's command
is the conquest of Bursa.
If I am also his deputy. I
will do my duty. know that.
Your duty is first and foremost
the future of the oba. Aladdin.
What audacity. Orhan Bey!
Are you defying not Aladdin Bey. but
my Osman Bey's absolute command?
I am. Sahin Sah Bey. I am.
Now. for the prosperity of
the oba. not for my brother...
I would not hesitate for a
moment to defy even my father.
From now on. my eyes are on you.
Who is stronger.
the hand or the bey.
You stay silent because he is your brother.
Don't you see that Aladdin Bey has gone astray?
Don't miss it now.
Sahin Sah Bey.
It is your Orhan Bey
who is truly running away.
Permission. Hunter
Bey! Just permission.
Look. these words you speak exceed
your limits and your neck. Be careful.
Boran Bey!
Enough! You've had
enough. I suppose!
Boran Bey. Cerkutay Bey.
I have assigned you to the headquarters
to give all your support to Sahin Sah Bey.
He is your commander.
And this is my decision. The army
will prepare for attack immediately.
Immediately.
La ilaha illallah.
What's wrong. crazy boy?
Being a bey doesn't suit me.
Feast after feast. Not my thing at all.
Of course not. Politics requires
wisdom. patience. Doesn't it?
Can someone who wields words
like a weapon ever be a bey?
My inside and outside are one.
brother. Let the words be for the beys.
The battles are mine.
It's a good thing. brother. it's a
good thing. Otherwise. in two days.
the beys would devour
each other. Go on!
My lord.
Thank you.
Send it.
I heard you're good with horses.
So they say. my lord. But |
know how to listen to them.
Good. Don't you dare teach this to your foal.
Otherwise. this crazy horse will spoil their habits too.
Alps! The task is ours again. Let
the young ones worry about Bursa.
My concern is Osman Bey. My sister Fatma. Are you
willing to accompany me once more on the path of war?
Once more on the path of war?
We are with you
until the end. my lord.
Thank you. The road is
long. the battle is near.
Come on.
Do you have any
orders. Fatma Hatun?
After watering the horses. let them rest a
bit. Let them get their share from the pasture.
It is your command. Fatma Hatun.
What is the state of
those beautiful hands?
You'll see if you get
slapped by Egyptian hands.
Local.
Tell me. who are you?
Don't you see a strange merchant
who came to water his horse?
The smell of water brought
us here. Like your caravan.
Good thing he brought it.
What are you after?
Where do you come from?
If I'm going to kill you...
at least tell me your name.
So I know which angel killed me.
I asked you where you come from.
From Kay Tribe.
I'm a merchant.
I sold some fabric
to your women.
However...
business is a bit slow.
It's wartime. you know.
Since you come
from Kayi Tribe...
tell me.
What's the
situation in the tribe?
If you lower the
knife from my throat...
I'll tell you.
Speak.
Things in the tribe are more
chaotic than I've ever seen.
What are you talking about?
What's chaotic about it?
Osman Bey dismissed Orhan Bey.
He replaced him
with $Sahin $Sah Bey.
What?
Moreover...
when I left. I wanted
to see Osman Bey.
Osman Bey's
condition was not good.
They say he's gravely ill.
Allah...
protect my Osman Bey.
And all the Kayis too.
I'll kill you here. you'll be
food for wolves and birds.
What's wrong with my father?
Are you...
Osman Bey's daughter?
I asked you what's
wrong with my father.
Fatma Hatun. stop!
Tell me.
Tell me what's
wrong with my father?
They call it something
else. not gout.
What has befallen him?
Fatma...
forgot.
My name...
is Akgohora.
Forgive me. I gave you bad news.
Come on. come on!
Tell the rye growers to move
before the caravan sets off.
However. I want that girl alive.
Do you understand?
Act accordingly.
The tracks are fresh. my Bey.
They just passed.
What did you see. my Bey?
The tracks of the caravan are mixed
with the tracks of the horses' sisters.
But these tracks are different.
Not ours.
They're after them.
They'll take the
caravan animals to water.
If we go by road. we'll be late.
We'll go through
the forest. come on.
Come on. come on!
Come on!
What's wrong. Yigit Bey?
I'm fine. Fatma Hatun.
My father sent me for
the safety of the caravan.
What is it?
After my brother was dismissed. did it fall
to your father to think about these things?
How is my father?
They say bad news
travels fast. but...
you clearly haven't heard.
Fatma Hatun. my Osman
Bey's condition has worsened.
The square is first
the Caglars'. then ours.
My Osman Bey has
overcome many troubles.
You should keep
your heart at ease.
He will overcome this
calamity too. God willing.
He will overcome it.
Of course. he will overcome
it with Allah's permission.
My father is strong.
God willing.
Attack!
Yigit!
We're retreating!
No! I can't leave the caravan!
Come on. we're
retreating. them! Come on!
Come on!
These Caglars are good warriors. It
took even less time than I expected.
Let them deal with
those left behind.
Let's go and take the caravan.
My daughter!
Say hello to your owner.
No. my daughter.
We couldn't make
her laugh. my lady.
I've been around horses
for so many years. but...
I've never seen such a
brave one before. mashallah.
If my Bey approves. I would like to see
this brave one by my side. Halime Hatun.
He whispers to horses. it seems.
Not whispering. Aykut Sergeant.
A horse knows its owner's heart.
Isn't that right. Halime Hatun?
Let my father get well. I'll
talk to him. Aykut Sergeant.
Thank you. thank
you. Halime Hatun.
I saw the bond my mother
and father had with their horses.
There would be such a state
between them and their horses that...
I would understand with a glance.
it would calm down in a breath.
I haven't had such a horse yet.
Perhaps you haven't found anyone
who understands you yet. Halime Hatun.
Horses are like people. They only become companions
when they find someone with the same heart.
Osman Bey's horse is always restless
these days. It must sense its owner too.
I always knew my father's heart
to be unshakable like mountains.
Now if that mountain shakes...
Even ifithe mountain shakes. if its
roots are strong. it won't collapse.
Osman Bey's roots are you.
They say fathers get
strength from their children.
Anyway. I came to get my horse.
You can take it. your horse
is ready. Halime Hatun.
No. it's not ready. It still doesn't
listen. it's unpleasant and insensitive.
It won't go against the word
of its owner. whom I know.
What do you say. Halime
Hatun? Will you give it a chance?
Let's give it a chance then.
You can bring it to the parliament.
His wife. my Bey. has started gathering the
army. She intends to declare war on the Kay:.
But that means my
father and I decided.
Things are quite complicated here
too. Osman Bey is on his deathbed.
Alaeddin is in charge.
What about Orhan?
Orhan has no duty.
The pot is boiling in Kay!.
They're close to falling into their graves.
The time will come. Isa. the time will come.
Now go without
anyone seeing you.
These are ours. come on.
Stop. stop.
Don't let go.
What I heard at the feast is
a sign of discord. gelin hatun.
If this continues. what those who put
my Osman In this state want will happen.
Orhan will break
this game. I know.
That vile physician died. but
we have the end of the rope.
To be honest. I thought you'd be
rowing in vain. But you surprised me.
Finally. your stubbornness
paid off. gelin hatun. Thank you.
As my father always says.
see the good in the bad.
Perhaps this pain will
teach us to trust each other.
Alaeddin?
What are these for?
My father...
cannot endure this much longer.
Alaeddin. what will you do?
I will clean the dirty
blood from his wounds.
You all leave.
Come on. mother.
Give it to me. give it to me.
In the name of Allah. the Most
Gracious. the Most Merciful.
I will make you well. father.
You will be well. God willing.
My lion father.
In the name of Allah. the Most
Gracious. the Most Merciful.
He is entrusted to Alaeddin
Bey. My father will be well.
Mother.
How is my father?
Alaeddin is with him. With all our
efforts. he will get better. God willing.
Mashallah. Alaeddin Bey is both at the head of the beylic
and he does not leave his father alone for a moment.
> Does not leave his
father alone for a moment.
Always.
So many things cannot
be handled with self-will.
Who is self-willed? Say
what you mean. Dilara Hatun.
The Bey got what he hoped for for
years. What is your problem now?
I don't know Dilara
Hatun's problem.
But ever since Alaeddin took
office. why don't you smile. Munifer?
Is this brotherhood?
Osman Bey struggles for his life
inside. Why do you speak like this?
Are we worthy of this anger just because
Alaeddin Bey and Sahin $Sah Bey carry the trust?
Won't our peace be disturbed
like this. Malhun Hatun?
Patience.
Mind your words. Dilara Hatun. The
peace of Kay|. the unity of my sons.
and their lineage continue.
They are our two wings. If they
lean towards wrong winds. I will never
allow it.
Alaeddin never
leans towards wrong.
Enough. Gonca!
Enough. it's over now.
Alaeddin. father
will get better. right?
My father!
Yigit!
Hatun!
Brother!
There's no Yigit without
a wound. right. Yigit. huh?
That's right. my Orhan Bey.
My two mothers in battle.
What kind of place is it?
Your aunt. Yigit Bey.
Brother.
Fatma. go to the oba immediately.
Take Yigit too. Go quickly.
Tell me what happened. I'll
go after the caravan. Okay?
Okay. Brother. my father?
In his tent. The sons
are also after their duty.
Thanks be to Allah.
I'm going after the caravan.
Either I'll find a cure for my father.
or I'll take their heads.
Come on! Get ready. come on!
Oh mother. oh! She
didn't even let me speak.
She didn't have eyes to see
Nilufer. How will she defend her now?
Oh. if my Osman Bey dies. The
pillar of this beylik will collapse.
If they are like this already...
May Allah forbid. Dilara Hatun.
Yes. Oh Mahun. She says she doesn't
differentiate between children. but...
She wants Orhan for the post. And prepares
Nilufer for her place. For state motherhood.
The beylik is Alaeddin's right. All beys see
and know it. And my father's wish is this too.
Yes. Yes. but look. she squeezed
it in between two sentences again.
She keeps talking about the lineage
of my children. She's talking about you.
Let me tell you. This is why she wanted
to marry Alaeddin off from the beginning.
To show Orhan as the
sole heir of this principality.
Otherwise. doesn't the
deceased know your love?
That Alaeddin would not marry without your
consent. even for the sake of a position?
I will ruin that
game. Dilara Hatun.
Call Colpan. I will get to know
who she is and what she is.
I knew you would
make this decision.
I already sent word.
She will come today.
This matter will end.
Alaeddin. my Ali will have a
child. He will be the Bey of Kay!.
Fatma Hatun escaped today.
We will surely meet again.
I will take the caravan. You take
the soldiers and ambush the road.
If you encounter
anyone. show no mercy.
Let's go.
Come on.
The infidels on one side. and the llkhanids
and beys on the other. come upon us.
We will be in a difficult situation. I will
move my leg and some of the horses to the south.
Alaeddin. my leg has not
been chosen as the leader yet.
I will choose a suitable person.
Mother. it's not right to change horses while
crossing the bridge. Perhaps it's not my place.
But I say Halime
should continue her duty.
You're right. Gonca.
It's not her place.
Halime made a
mistake. she will pay for it.
Mother. this punishment you're
giving is not for me. it's for the army.
You shouldn't have thought about this before
defying my word and plotting in secret.
It's over. you are no
longer the head sister.
I respect your word greatly.
But not now. mother. not now.
Alaeddin.
Not when the enemy is
at our gates. I say. mother
Whatever punishment you're going to give. you can
give it after we've dealt with the troubles we face.
Since when have you been
dismissing my decisions?
Do you do your duty by
disregarding your mother?
Order. Kati. It's not the
time to stand and argue.
Kati. Halime will
remain the head sister.
She will gather the most skilled
sisters and quickly resume her duty.
You defy my order of
all these years. Alaeddin.
Order and discipline in the tribe
are still entrusted to you. mother.
Where is Nilufer?
Beyri. Gonca is responsible for
the production. Tell Nilufer too.
have the stones ready
for him as soon as possible.
Halime. you should
also go on patrol.
All together. we will defend these
lands with all our might against the enemy.
God willing. God willing.
I will take care of
my father. Farewell.
Come on!
Korhan. you will never
catch that caravan.
Oh really?
Let go!
Ali!
They attacked his sister. I
will get into his condition now.
He will gut him. in my opinion.
You are not a Cavdar.
He won't kill him immediately.
I think he'll cut
off his ear first.
Who are you?
Oh. I remember. First his ear.
then his nose. Like in Inegol Castle.
Who are you?
Stop. stop. stop.
Flavius sent us.
We couldn't see the end.
What is Flavius doing here?
He will send the caravan
to the Cavdar tribe.
What is Flavius
doing in the tribe?
The tribe will be
Temurtas's headquarters.
Karesi. Germiyan. and
Karamanoglu troops will come there.
You saw the end. Bala Bat.
My lord. what is Flavius
doing in the tribe?
We knew they were working together. but
we didn't know they were holding grudges.
So. my lord. we'll ambush
the caravan on the road.
My lord. I'll send men
to the tribe to get support.
We don't have time. We're going to
the Cavdar tribe. Come on. come on.
To the horses.
Come on. come on.
Soldiers! Tekfur Sarhoz and his
guest. llkhanid governor Temurtas.
are setting off to go to
the Kayi camp. Prepare!
Temurtas? When
did this fellow arrive?
And with so many men.
Either I will find this tunnel.
or this tunnel will find my grave.
Before going to the camp. I called you to come to Bursa and see the
preparations for the big attack we will make soon. so you would be pleased.
I called you to come to Bursa and see the preparations for
the big attack we will make soon. so you would be pleased.
However. I believe what I
hear. not what I see. Sarhoz.
Sahinsah prevented you
from attacking the camp.
You couldn't accomplish anything. and now you've
come here to deceive me with a few soldiers.
Next time. victory
will be ours. Temurtas.
You will divide Kayi's tribe. and
I will divide his army very soon.
Osman is in the grip of death.
You speak of a joyous
occasion as if you are mourning.
Osman must live. Only
then will discord arise in Kay..
If he dies. they will all unite.
Either Sahingah will lift that siege
peacefully. or we will eliminate Kay forever.
There is no other way.
We shortened the vests in the mountains so that our
arrows would hit their target on the walls of Bursa.
You did well.
But for what you said to happen. the
wood in the bow also needs to be changed.
For example. cedar wood.
We don't have that wood.
Secretly enter Karesi lands. cut down
the cedar trees. and bring them here.
Show your skill. come on.
That tree on the hill.
Then let's start making
long bows. sisters. Come on.
Colpan. will you stay in
our tribe for a while. okay?
It is your command. Gonca Hatun.
Come on.
As I told you. she
has many talents.
What's wrong. Gonca?
My duties are done. now will
you take care of my duties?
Right. you don't know.
It's Alaaddin Bey's command. From now on.
I'm responsible for the workshop. Elif Er.
What does that mean?
It's the Bey's command. He also commanded
you to take care of the flying fires.
I wish Alaaddin Bey had informed
me before doing this. Good heavens.
Then you should have come
when Alaaddin Bey called. Nilufer.
Weren't you the one who wanted
to deal with the flying fires anyway?
Well. there you go. Alaaddin gave you
what you wanted. what more do you want?
One gets to know a
person in difficult times.
I've gotten to know
you well. Gonca.
Nilufer!
Ah. my lord. you finally
got what you deserved.
Anyway. you met Colpan. the hunter
bey's daughter. what do you say?
Her work. morals. and manners are hard to find.
Most importantly. she is docile and obeys.
I will get to know her well and
observe her first. It's not that easy.
Mevlub-u Hizalaaddin.
The rest is a matter
for later. Dider Hatun.
Yes. You're right.
but we need to hurry.
One never knows
what time will bring.
Time always took from
me. That's why I never rush.
I know that iron placed on the
fire too early will bend. Hatun.
Especially when that iron is forged in
skilled hands. See how it straightens.
There's no other
way. Gonca Hatun.
Alaaddin. my heart aches for
Ali. Alaaddin. My heart aches.
I will fan that fire
with my own hands.
For you. Only for you.
We've arrived. my Bey.
Flavius has disguised himself.
Cavdar tribe is nearby.
There might be traps around.
If our voices are heard. we won't succeed.
We will follow. We will go silently.
Come on. son. quietly.
The time to return to your homes. your
sisters. your children is near. my Alps.
To take Bursa in the name of my
Osman Bey. leaving no stone unturned.
no head on a body. with you...
Is my duty.
Long live my $Sahin Sah Bey! Long live my
Sahin Sah Bey! Long live my Sahin Sah Bey!
Long live my Sahin Sah Bey! Long live my
For my Osman Bey and my Alaaddin
Bey. whom he appointed as his deputy.
there is nothing more
important than taking Bursa.
On this blessed path. he has placed Cerkutay Bey
on one side of me. and Boran Bey on the other.
Long live my Osman Bey!
Long live my Alaaddin Bey!
Allah-u Akbar! Allah-u Akbar!
Halci Bey!
My Bey.
You shall. with your Alps. identify the
weakest points in the walls around Bursa.
My Alps are patrolling
day and night. my Bey.
By Allah. we will know
about every loose stone.
Sungur Bey!
Yes. my Bey.
You are responsible
for the catapults.
All the catapults that have rotted and
deteriorated during Orhan Bey's time
will be maintained.
I will quickly prepare the stones that
will demolish Bursa's walls and the fires
that will burn the city. my Bey.
We will bring down Bursa on
Byzantium's head in such a way that...
They will give both Iznik and
Izmit with their own hands. running.
Allahu Akbar! Allahu
Akbar! Allahu Akbar!
My Bey. Temurtas and Saros
come from Bursa to meet.
Temurtas entered the city
through a secret tunnel to them.
Let them come.
Who are these. Avci Bey?
They are among Orhan Bey's
Alps who went to Gemlik. my Bey.
They say that Orhan Bey was
unjustly dismissed from his duty.
What kind of delusion is this? Or do you
mean to say that Kay| is being wronged?
Is Orhan Bey the
measure of your alp-hood?
Do you say if Orhan Bey is
not here. we are not here?
My word to everyone. make your
decision. Are you an Alp of Kay.
or an Alp of Orhan Bey?
Sahinsah Bey. Sahinsah Bey.
An Alp of Kay| is an Alp of Kayi.
There is no Orhan's or Sahinsah's.
Enough. Sahinsah Bey.
Your duty as an
Alp has now ended.
Go back to where you came from. This is the
greatest punishment for them. Sahinsah Bey.
More than that is too much.
Get out of my sight!
It's not just them. my lord. There's
no news from some of the alps.
Don't add fuel to
the fire. Avci Bey.
Orhan Bey has assigned some of his alps.
They are to find the location of the tunnel.
Well. where are they then?
They must have
attained martyrdom.
We will find that secret
tunnel. And we will take the city.
Come on. everyone
to their posts.
I've come to give you one last
chance to pull yourself together.
My father's cure is here.
Where are my nokers?
Don't worry. they're not dead.
Answer me. Don't play with me.
They went to deal with the
stragglers. They'll be back soon.
Did you leave them behind?
They went after a few people.
If you trained your nokers well.
they'll be here soon.
Get ready! We're going
to check on the nokers.
How should we attack. my lord?
We won't attack.
You wait for me here.
My lord. if you get caught...
They won't let me live.
Hah.
The Nokers are coming out. We're starting.
If I get caught. you'll do what's necessary.
Come in.
Let's stop the game.
Your lord is sick.
Osman.
Get well soon.
We heard.
You also hide it
from the soldiers.
Of course. Because if it's heard.
there could be a commotion.
They say even Orhan"s removal
from command shook the oba.
You'll be divided soon.
Hah. You haven't
known Kayi at all.
If Kay: divides. it's only so that
half of them conquer Bursa...
and the other half brings down
the llkhanate on your heads.
I eagerly await the day you
can't pay your taxes. Shahanshah.
I will complete the
missing part with your head.
You started with words. uncle.
You've turned it into
a threat. Temurtas.
Say what you have to
say clearly. come on.
The siege will be lifted.
Otherwise. you will have
to fight on all four fronts.
Do you threaten us
with beyliks. Temurtas?
Do you rely on
Karasi and Germiyan?
We know our neighbors of all
these years better than you. by God.
Even if they attack with all their
might. they cannot take a single
pebble from Karacahisar.
That was before you were
disgraced in Bursa. $Sahinsah.
Now everyone knows.
Kayi will also be
defeated one day.
One day they will be
defeated. Sarhos. one day.
They will not be
defeated another day.
Your torture wounds
healed quickly. Boran.
Bey. you quickly forgot
the pain you suffered.
I can't wait to remind you.
This is my last warning.
There will be no more meetings.
If you attack Bursa. you
will not have a tomorrow.
My Bey. Temurtas entered
through the tunnel with his nuker.
I will search every nook and
cranny and find that madman.
And when he enters from one side and exits from the other.
the way to Bursa will be open for my Boran Bey. inshallah.
Well done. my Bey. We
will eagerly await your arrival.
Soldiers. let's go.
Go on. join your
army. Bursa awaits.
It is time for battle.
Sarhos. await my news.
The moment they attack Bursa.
they will be surrounded from all sides.
This headquarters will be spoils of
war for you. Along with its contents.
Next time. you will enter this headquarters
as a victorious commander. Temurtas.
I told you. I told you. They would eventually learn of
my Bey's illness and seize the opportunity to attack.
I will go and speak with my
Bey Alaeddin immediately.
I will ask him to send the entire army
to Bursa. I will finish this in one go.
The headquarters is entrusted to you.
Boran Bey. along with Cerkutay Bey.
My father. my lion father.
My mind and heart are at war. brother.
My heart. my prayers are always with you.
But this seal is so
heavy. brother. so heavy.
At that time. if you speak of justice.
the voice of brotherhood is silenced.
Oh Allah. I will keep them together.
You. my Lord. grant us my father.
Grant us my father.
Hurry. half of it is bad.
Fatima. I found Fatima's end.
We'll make it. Yigit Bey. You'll
be fine. don't strain yourself.
I'm fine. I'm very fine.
No. he won't endure. he'll reach
the oba. We'll get the wound too.
Stop!
Fatima!
Quickly light a fire. come on!
You'll wrestle with
Azrael instead of me.
What is this wound?
Fatima. you...
O Healer. O Healer. O Healer.
Our blood has stopped.
But his fever
is still very high.
Come on. aunt. to the oba!
We shouldn't have
sent my Bey alone.
Then. my Bey knows what to do.
Oh. my lion. my beautiful son.
Bey father!
My Colpan!
My dear child.
What brings you here?
Didar Hatun called me to
help Gonca Hatun. father.
If you allow it.
To Gonca Hatun?
Didar Hatun is such a smart
woman. she never wastes her mind.
What do you mean. father?
My beautiful daughter.
the light of my eyes.
If you act smart. I'll tell Alaaddin Bey
that we'll arrange a wedding for you.
Open your eyes. your luck
will turn. my beautiful girl.
Don't worry. mother. I'm
here. I'm with my father.
She raves about
Kasim and Suleyman.
If I go and bring them. maybe
hearing their voices will be a cure.
Shall I go and bring them?
Bring them. mother. bring them.
When did you go to the headquarters
and when did you return. Sahinsah Bey?
Those who met me at the headquarters
were Sarhoz and Temurtas. Alaaddin.
Allah Allah!
So they can enter and leave
Bursa that easily. can they?
Yes.
Yes. what do they say?
Tell me. Sahinsah Bey.
They threaten that if you attack
Bursa. you won't have a tomorrow.
We must make today hell for
those who threaten us with tomorrow.
Alright. I gave you the
authority. go and take Bursa.
Not authority. I also
want the rest of the army.
For absolute victory. we must
send everything we have to Bursa.
That won't happen. Sahinsah Bey.
Shifting all troops to Bursa
means abandoning all borders.
Not taking Bursa today means
shifting the entire army to the border.
The enemy has been emboldened.
they know of Osman Bey's illness.
They see Orhan Bey's rebellion.
and the division that will arise in Kay:.
Without giving them a chance
to breathe. or to or anize...
It is imperative to take Bursa
in one go with all our might.
Thus. we can defend our
borders with our entire army.
Prepare!
The soldiers we sent to set
up water haven't returned.
Something is wrong.
Prepare my horse!
What are you after?
Shhh. I wouldn't recommend it.
Come on. stay fast. come on!
Come on!
What are you doing. son of a Bey?
Are you taking out your anger on straw?
I'm thinking. When a person makes a mistake.
they are punished. Isn't that right. Dursun Aga?
Yes. indeed. Both the Bey and the
alp pay the price for their mistakes.
But my father didn't make a mistake. Why is my
grandfather punishing my father for no reason?
It is not easy to understand the decision of the
lords. princes. A lord rules not with his heart.
but with his mind.
My father is always at the camp. He
rarely comes to us. We rarely come to him.
But we are never sad about this.
Because my father strived for Bursa.
Does my grandfather not see
my father's effort? Is this fair?
I know. My grandfather no longer loves my father.
He doesn't love us either. Right. brother?
Yeah. he doesn't.
Suleyman. Kasim.
While your grandfather is on his
sickbed. missing you and rambling. do you
complain about him here?
This is all because of
your incompetence. Hilfer.
A Byzantine commander
in the Cavdar tribe.
A prince who has fallen out of
favor due to the Bursa defeat.
Did you come to the
Cavdar tribe to die?
You speak as if the spring
is in your hand. Flavius.
And you speak as if this place is
filled with your men and not mine.
How do you know it isn't?
If you kill me. there's no way out of
here. and you know that very well.
You were going to stab
me in the back silently.
You'll regret not doing it.
Even if it's my enemy. stabbing
them in the back IS not in our book.
Is that so?
What's wrong. Malhun Hatun?
Your children will be
taken from you. bride.
Did they make a mistake?
It wasn't them who made
the mistake. it was you.
The children openly
criticize their grandfather.
The pillar of the
oba. its brain.
They are children. They say whatever
they hear. They don't understand.
If they don't understand.
they need to be told and taught.
By you.
A child who questions his ancestor's words will
disregard the state's rule when he grows up.
The word of the state is
not to be debated in a tent.
A whisper in the oba
turns into sedition tomorrow.
My children are loyal to their
ancestors and their grandfathers.
Their hearts are simply broken.
It's not the heart that's
broken. it's the order.
A bey's son must
hold his tongue.
They will be the
foundation of our state.
It is essential that Kasim
and Suleyman are educated.
They lack discipline.
I am taking care of my
children. Malhun Hatun.
It's clear.
daughter-in-law. it's clear.
But from now on. my
eyes will be on them.
If I hear of such
a situation again...
know from this moment on that...
I will discipline them. not you.
You tell me about these
hearts you've made.
What?
Is the person who killed my
brother with a spear saying this?
The son of the one who killed
my father in the Battle of Afyon.
Boran Bey told
you. tell me again.
We didn't kill your father.
You defend each other with lies.
We speak the truth at the
cost of our lives. Flavius.
I killed your brother.
Because we were at war.
And I will avenge
both of them. Orhan.
If you're going to take
it. take it honorably.
Not by secretly
poisoning my father.
For absolute victory. we must
send everything we have to Bursa.
This... this is a very big
decision. Sahinsah Bey.
It is necessary to consult
the lords of the border troops.
There is no time to spend
on a Toya meeting. Alaeddin.
The infidels are waiting
ready to fall upon us.
Ilhan will be at the tent's
door before the Beys.
The decree is yours.
and the command is yours.
Give the order. let's
finish this business.
What's wrong?
My Bey. the ammunition
caravan coming from Inegol...
What happened to the caravan?
What happened to
the caravan. I'll tell you?
Hold on!
I'm here. Yigit.
hold on. we're here.
Quickly. send word
to the healer. hurry!
To my throat...
Grin and bear it.
We're here. hold
on. don't talk. okay?
Han. where is the poison?
What poison are
you talking about?
The poison that is the
reason I haven't struck you yet.
I am wrong. Orhan.
And I have no
poisonous business.
We learned to fight face to
face. bravely. from our father.
If you have nothing to do with poison.
what are you doing where there is poison?
I came here to form an alliance
that will bury Kayi in history. Orhan.
Ilkhanid-Byzantine alliance.
Esma...
Keep an eye on the children. Let's
not give Malhun Hatun a reason to talk.
Gonca Hatun has changed the
duties of the women close to you.
My lady. you put so much
effort into establishing that order.
No one can waste your
efforts. I won't allow it.
Gonca's time will come too.
What happened again. aunt?
Don't you see what's
happening. Halime?
On one side Malhun
Hatun. on the other Gonca.
They keep bothering me.
What are you doing here. raider?
I'm talking to you.
Who are you?
There were commanders who said they would bury my
grandfather Ertugrul in Aleppo and my father Osman in Sogut.
None of their names
are remembered. Flavius.
But my brother's name...
your blood...
will be remembered
when it stains my sword.
Orhan.
I killed your brother
because we were at war.
The rules of war are clear.
We've been exposed.
Defend yourselves!
I guess we're at war.
Come on. horses.
Fatma.
Brother. I've
lost a lot of blood.
You. move to the
infirmary. come on.
My son.
Bring Taz. come on.
Come on. horses. come on.
Bring him here immediately.
Come on.
You too. quickly. come on.
Come on. my brave one. come.
Come on. my brave one.
My son.
To the infirmary.
quickly. come on.
Fatma.
Come on.
My Fatma. are you alright?
I'm fine.
My son.
Sahinsah Bey. you wait here.
Come on.
Who did this to my
son. Fatma Hatun?
They attacked the caravan.
If my brother Orhan hadn't
arrived. it would have been worse.
Orhan?
What was Orhan doing there?
Where is Orhan. Fatma?
He went after them.
Orhan Bey. Orhan Bey.
Again. he acts on his own
accord. again as he pleases.
He learned about the
raid but didn't tell us. huh?
What did he do when he
found out. Sahinsah Bey?
He went after
them and caught up.
If he had caught up. would my
son be in this state. Nilufer Hatun?
Don't you see my
son covered in blood?
Your Orhan is after heroism.
But look...
Today. one of us will die. Of a.
I came here to get
my father's cure.
I have no intention of
dying without getting it.
The only good deed I
will do for your father...
Would be to send
you to his side.
My lord!
The sword belongs
in its sheath. Flavius.
Let our revenge be
settled on the battlefield.
What I want is my father's cure.
Osman's best.
Oh. we were going
to come to you...
You have come to us.
An honorable man...
Does not sheathe his
sword before it is bloodied.
This is the battlefield!
And your grave!
Attack!
Alps!
We will meet again. my son.
Flavius!
Halil!
Timurtas's best!
Go!
Let me go! I said let me go!
Where to?
Let go! Let go!
I will ask you once.
Where is my father's cure?
What are you talking about?
If you don't play games with
me. I'll burn you alive in that fire.
Timurtas will kill me.
He'll feed me to the wolves and
birds even if he doesn't kill me.
Do you think I
would let you live?
Stop! Stop!
Okay. I'll tell you.
But...
You poisoned my
father in various ways.
Hold on. my daughter.
What poison? I'm not a variety.
Fatma Hatun brought
Yigit. He was wounded.
Is my sister okay?
She's fine. thank God.
Thank goodness.
Just come here.
Tie his hands and feet nicely...
bring him here
without anyone seeing.
Indeed.
What if my Orhan hadn't arrived?
If he hadn't. neither I nor Yigit
Bey would have survived. mother.
May God protect us.
Sister!
My Halime!
Sister. are you okay? Who
did this? How did this happen?
I'm fine. my
Halime. don't worry.
Orhan...
oh my Lord...
Your wisdom is unquestionable.
To the meaning of
this unbearable pain...
make me aware. oh my Lord.
Will this tribe...
flourish in a land
washed with my tears...
and Orhan's blood?
Yigit...
for what did I sacrifice you?
Speak. tell me. my son.
Don't be silent like this.
For what did I sacrifice you?
Speak...
you tell me. son.
Don't be silent...
don't be silent like that.
Osman?
Malhun.
What do you say. my Osman?
What is the situation...
what is it?
Are my children well?
They are all well.
Orhan and Alaeddin...
are at their posts.
Halime is with her sisters.
Fatma went to the oba.
She came. everyone
is well. don't worry.
Your children. your
beys are united.
The day you get back on your
feet. they will all be by your side.
My Suleyman...
my Kasim...
my dearest ones...
They...
Your grandchildren
are also well.
They pray for your recovery.
Father!
Alaeddin!
Call Alaeddin here!
Osman.
If you're playing games...
No. no! I saw it
with my own eyes.
I swear.
Temur Tas had the cure made.
To use Osman Bey...
to use him.
To threaten him.
Temur Tas will kill me.
Save me.
Save me from Temur Tas.
I beg you.
Thank goodness. my Bey.
Hopefully. it will
cure our Osman Bey.
Come on. let's hurry.
Let's deliver the
cure to my father.
No cure I know
will work. mother.
My father's condition
will not change.
You are very
tired too. Alaeddin.
You haven't slept for two days.
During the day you're on duty.
at night by your father's side.
How will it be. mother. with my father
in this state and the enemy at the gates?
How can I sleep
alone with all this?
Oh. brother. oh!
Wherever you are.
come out. for God's sake.
The thing I need most...
your father's lying time.
where do you go like this?
Brother!
Boran!
Where are you. brother?
And what's with your clothes?
The earth splits. the sky
thunders in the middle of the tribe.
Fatma gets ambushed.
Yigit comes back wounded.
Where do you go.
leaving them behind?
I swore not to come
back without this.
What is this?
It's my father's cure. mother.
Do you call yourself
a merchant. brother?
Come on. my healer brother.
what are you waiting for?
Do what you do
best. heal my father.
Thank you. brother.
But where did you find this?
I ripped it from the
heart of the enemy.
Which enemy is this. brother?
How can I trust a cure
given by the enemy?
You will trust me. not
the enemy. Aladdin.
Aren't you the
head of the state?
If anything happens.
you'll hold me accountable.
No. I won't.
If there's a price to pay.
we'll pay it together. brother.
Alright then.
Thanks be to Allah.
In the name of Allah. Most
Gracious. Most Merciful.
O Healer. O Healer.
Brother. Nurhan says. We brought
the cure for my blessed father."
Thank goodness.
How hard it is
to wait like this.
When it's my brother Aladdin
I'm waiting for. my heart is at ease.
Who else is there in this world?
He cured half of Mith
in one day. brother.
Good. Sahingsah Bey and Dider
Hatun must be a little relieved.
Don't ask. they turned
the father upside down.
They would. it's their child.
What if something happened to
Kasim and Suleyman. right Lunifer?
Indeed. may Allah protect them.
But Sahingah Bey and Dider Hatun
are still angry with you. Orhan Bey.
Why?
For saving her sons' lives?
No matter what I do.
I can't please them.
My lady...
Don't worry. he'll be fine.
It's time for family. Orhan.
No word from Alaeddin either.
Thank goodness
he opened his eyes.
Thank goodness.
You were the first person
he asked for. mother.
Come. come.
I won't wait for my father to
ask for us one by one. brother.
I won't be able to
stand it. brother.
Thank goodness.
Do you want anything. father?
Shall I put a pillow behind your back?
No. my daughter. no.
I don't want anything.
Father. shall I rub
your feet? Are you well?
No. no.
Osman. you're fine. aren't you?
I am fine. I am fine.
I will be even better.
Come on. set a table.
Let's eat.
I will cook the meals.
Just tell me what you
want on the table. father.
Do you know what I'd
like to see on the table?
Unity. togetherness.
May you all be side by side.
shoulder to shoulder at that table.
As you command. my lord.
My Osman. the people have gathered
at the head of the tent. they won't leave.
They await news from you.
Hayattin. give the good news.
Let the whole tribe celebrate.
The command is my lord's.
Alright. come on.
Brother. you stormed and
raged at the feast. brother.
You said "my eyes are on
you'. it really bothered me.
Brother. how much longer will
you defy my father's command?
Where will this lead?
To Bursa. Iznik. 1zmit.
Wherever my father
dreams of. everywhere.
Hopefully. brother. hopefully.
But look. just stop. for
God's sake. just stop.
You said this is the cure. I didn't make
you repeat your words. I listened to you.
But while the seal is with
me. you will listen to me too.
You will not object to my decisions. you will
not put me in a difficult position. brother.
Come on. the people are waiting.
don't keep them waiting. Come on.
Brother. you will speak.
No. the seal is yours. the
command is yours. you speak.
You are right. the
command is mine.
Then this is my command
to you. Orhan Bey.
You will go out and speak.
Come on. brother. just this once.
listen to your brother. come on.
Come on. I say. come
on. come on. come on.
Oh people. I bring you the
greetings of our Osman Bey.
Praise be to Allah.
Our Osman Bey is well. on his feet. at
the head of our tribe. praise be to Allah.
Praise be to Allah. Long live my
Osman Bey. long live my Osman Bey.
As for Orhan Bey. he saved the lives of our
brothers who fell into an ambush yesterday.
He saved their lives.
And he found and brought our father's cure.
saving our Osman Bey's life. May he live long.
Long live my Orhan Bey.
long live my Orhan Bey.
My brothers. my
brave ones. my sisters.
In these lands that our ancestor
Ertugrul made our homeland.
on the path opened
by my father Osman...
we have walked together for so
many years. chasing his dream.
He is the one who saw the dream. and he is the one who
showed the way. Sometimes. he stops you on that path.
If Osman Bey stopped
me. he must have a reason.
If he took me off a duty. his
aim is for me to realize the other.
He is our Bey. If he says fall.
we fall. if he says rise. we rise.
But we never stray from
his dream for a moment.
On this road to Constantinople.
first Bursa. on the road to Kaaba. first
Without crushing
the llkhanids...
neither you nor we shall stop.
Long live my Orhan Bey.
long live my Orhan Bey.
Mother made me a captive in that tribe with
your longing. It's good you came. sister.
Halime.
No one else was happy
about my arrival anyway.
Just look at the faces of my
brothers and sisters-in-law.
Shame on you. Fatma. every time
you comexthere's an incident in the tribe.
What should we do?
Where's a single person?
Yeah. right.
I don't want a welcome.
but what about my brothers?
They're jealous
of you. that's why.
Why do you say that. girl? Didn't I save
you? What more can your brother do?
No. I don't know Alaaddin Bey. Look. he
doesn't even smile. He must be jealous.
Good heavens. When did you notice
me. brother? You were in the mountains.
I was here in trouble.
I in the mountains. you in trouble. But
with the same intention. Right. brother?
Look at that.
You speak like poetry. Orhan
Bey. Did you have such a talent.
or were you hiding it from us?
Huh. sister-in-law?
Of course. Right. Orhan Bey?
Ah. ah. Your brother used to read too. Either
Goncagul. or Diken. Right. Alaaddin Bey?
Yes. brother. You tried to
trap me. now you're in for it.
It was a bit like that. brother.
It was.
Cheers.
Come on in.
My Bey. come in.
I told you not to get up
immediately. but you wouldn't listen.
Come. come. Walk-and sit.
Calm down. calm down. I
earned a bowl of soup. didn't I?
I defeated the Angel of Death
after all. Thanks to Orhan.
Here you go.
In the name of Allah. the Most
Gracious. the Most Merciful.
My Bey. you say thanks to Orhan. but Alaaddin
slowed it down with his remedy. I brought the cure.
As I said. tomorrow you'll be much better after
going to the hot springs. inshallah. father.
I will. by God's grace.
Inshallah.
Oh. your smiles. aren't they something?
After all this time. they came like medicine.
My Bey. listening from that door. I understood
that my strength comes from here. From this table.
from you all.
My sons become my cure. My daughters. daughters-in-law.
grandchildren are my reason for living.
and my companions
share my destiny.
May you live long. my Bey.
Always. my Bey.
your path is our path.
Come on. enjoy your meal.
Thank you. my Bey.
Grandpa. did you really see the
Angel of Death? Did you defeat him?
Not yet. Kasim. not
yet. Let's take Bursa first.
then we'll settle accounts
with the Angel of Death.
If you let my father. he
will take it. grandfather.
Your father was your age. From that time on. he
made my dream his dream. He worked very hard.
He became one of the greatest commanders Kayi has ever
seen. But you will work even harder than your father.
You will gallop non-stop to spread the
divine word of Allah to the whole world.
May my Lord make our blessed
dream of a state come true.
Amen.
Boran.
My Bey.
Strike the strings
of that kopuz.
The command is mine.
Come on.
May Allah be with the Turks. The roads
became my 'friend' Tongues spoke to me.
May the Turan lands exist. May the enemies
be destroyed. May Allah be with the Turks.
May the Turan lands exist. "
May Allah be with the Turks.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm